README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - FAQ Accordion Card

This is a solution to the [Profile card component challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/faq-accordion-card-XlyjD0Oam). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Frontend Mentor - FAQ Accordion Card](#frontend-mentor---faq-accordion-card)
  - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Overview](#overview)
    - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
    - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
    - [Links](#links)
  - [My process](#my-process)
    - [Built with](#built-with)
    - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for interactive elements

### Screenshot

!["Desktop View"](./screenshots/desktop.png)
!["Desktop View"](./screenshots/mobile.png)

### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://github.com/FocusCookie/fm-faq-accordion-card)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://focuscookie.github.io/fm-profile-card-component/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- CSS Background gradients
- ::before & ::after
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow

### What I learned

I created the background with a rounded divs where the background was made with the CSS gradients. The two divs where added ::before and ::after the wrapper div.

## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@FocusCookie](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/FocusCookie)

Commit message:

Desktop view and readme finished

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - FAQ Accordion Card

This is a solution to the [Profile card component challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/faq-accordion-card-XlyjD0Oam). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Frontend Mentor - FAQ Accordion Card](#frontend-mentor---faq-accordion-card)
  - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Overview](#overview)
    - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
    - [Links](#links)
  - [My process](#my-process)
    - [Built with](#built-with)
    - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
    - [Useful Links](#useful-links)
  - [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for interactive elements

### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://github.com/FocusCookie/fm-faq-accordion-card)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://focuscookie.github.io/fm-faq-accordion-card/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- ::before & ::after
- Flexbox
- Mobile-first workflow

### What I learned

The positioning of the cube, card background and illustration was a littlebit tricky because the card should not let overflow the background. Only the cube should overflow.

### Useful Links

- Mozilla Details - [Mozilla](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/details)
- Details with custom list style - [Codepen](https://codepen.io/havardob/pen/abBJgQo)

## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@FocusCookie](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/FocusCookie)
